--- First time Entering ---
First time entering the gaurds will stop you and request a writ of passage.
If you do not have you have to initiate combat or convince the guards DC 25.

Upon entering they'll suggest you visit kryell for more information.

In the court yard there will be an investor with a board, papers, and red string 
connecting the papers.

Can also talk to the king who will ask why you are here.
If you tell him you are here to meet with kryell he will direct you towards kryell.

There is a chef in the kitchen who is looking for vanilla plant. If you ask where to look 
he says he believes the forest grows vanilla however it is very rare to the biome. He just wants 
the plant itself and he can deal with processing.

You also gain the Fort as a place where you can have long rests without
events occuring.
--- END first time entering --- 

--- Chef --- 
Bringing back the vanilla plant will reward you with 250g and a potion 
of hill giants strength for each member of the party 
--- end Chef ---

--- Investigator ---
When inquiring he will tell you about finding a crime scene one where the body appeared 
mangled to the point of being unreconigable. Ever since then for the past few months an inquire
has been launched and disapearing people have now been hypothesised leading upwards to years before
the origianl scene.

--- Finding the house ---
You can tell the Investigator and he will visit the house.

You can also tell any guard and the same result will happen.

Next time you speak with the investor he will reward you 500g and will aide the party 
if they ever ask. 

If you tell the Investigator or bring him to the Soul room he will give you a jar of souls instead.
--- end finding the house ---

--- end Investigator ---


--- KING ---
If you ask the blue prince about the afairs of the town he will describe that there is an upcoming town 
meeting with the clergy about what to do with the news about the outside world. 

The nobility wants to help kryell with exploring outside the gate however the clergy believes 
it will send Waterway into damnation. There's been an agreement for the past month that for now Kryell 
must stay in the ivory tower until Waterway comes to a consensus on what to do with Kryell.

The meeting wont trigger until the gate has been opened as it's not posted until months from now.
--- END KING ---


--- Begin meeting ---
The clergy's demands that the ones responsible for opening the door be killed and the town is closed
off to outsiders.

The nobility demand a scouting party is sent outside and wants to communciate with the outside world. 
It could bring an era of propertiy to waterway.

First you'll need to convince the clergy not to kill you DC 15.

There's a few other endings where A they denounce their god and provide support 

You annoy them and they attack in the town hall. You will also face them at the gate.

Afterwards you'll want to convince them to send a scouting party. The scouting party 
will help you with exploring outside the gate and fighting valentine. You can also 
get this outcome for killing the clergy.
--- end meeting ---